breathing animation\
Registrations by invitation \
Personal guidance and help setting up the system\
Notion for Todos\
Therm mix for todos\

Today's apps are design to steal your attention and make you addicted. They try to do everything for you. 

Recconect is an attempt to create a tool that will help you to put down your phone and reconnect with yourself and with others. Its an attempt to create a usefull tool not a mindless solution. 

- raise consciousness 
- more focus 
- organize life
- create systems to achieve goals 
- build healthy habits 
- get off the phone 
- smooth transition instead of sudden change

1.On app enter - breathing animation\
You are here now. \
goal: To bring focus to present moment

2. Relaxed mode \
Idle state of the app.\
Its not goal to track everything. At least not at the beginning. Set up max 2-3 goal (1 is enough) in design mode and focus on that. 

*background activities? \
Like a single activity routines. Measured separately from focused mode activities. \
• Driving, commuting, moving 
• Eating
• Preparing yourself 
• Preparing food
• Cleaning up

3. Design mode\
Set up routines, activities, habits and goals. \
The goal is to create a system that'll help you achieve what you want. \

Various possible elements:

- • pomodoro loop (eg. 20min work - 5 min break)
- • regular event (eg. every morning make a bed) 
- • random event (eg. recalling flashcards when walking)
- • single point event (like a checkbox, eg. chapter in a book finished)
- • continuous event (time measured, eg. duration of workout, duration of music exercises)
- • Exact timer - measuring exact time
- • Color timer - instead of counting down seconds the color changes through time passing. It helps you focus on task, will not intrude in the middle of work; more on the advantages.
- • Continuous time planning - you put points on axis without exact number. 
- • Eg.: instead of 
- • 5min warm up
- • 15min theory
- • 20min technique
- • 10min jamm
- • You have a line that represents whole set and put points to divide the proportion of duration
- • |------*-----------------*-----*--------------|
- • advantages: life is not ideal, sometimes one part will take longer, sometimes shorter. Sometimes you'll feel like spending more time on there, sometimes on jamm. This kind of plan allows you to adjust execution according to your level of current state of beeing, level of energy, internal feelings, thoughts and intuition. 
- • Activity building blocks

Use cases.\
Learning instrument or music.\
- 15 min warm up
- 15 min theory
- 15 min technique
- 15 min free jamm

Or better, instead of minutes you set a quarter and when you run the routine in focused mode you set up how long you want to exercise. 

You can add notes, what did you complete on theory, what did you exercise on your technique. 

The goal is to have a 'package'/'routine' that includes both routine and single items. Eg.:
1. I start the 'guitar training'
2. I choose single items: exercises for warm up, theory and technique
3. I press play, the app measures time of warm up
4. I press next, the app measures time of theory 
5. I press next, the app measures time of jamm
6. I press finish, the app records time and items chosen for the training.
7. I can modify summary (eg I planned to do A, B, C and I only did A, B)

How do I set it up in the designer mode?

I want to learn guitar and music. 

1. I create 4 activities (warm up, theory, technique, jamm)\
2. I create 3 exercises I can chose from for warm up. It can be only done, there's no other logic to that. \
3. I create a list of theory subjects \
• This is more complex as I will want to go through all the items on the list, at every learning session I will want to repeat some of the items. When I decide I learnt the item I want to mark it as finished. \
• Three (four?)states: new, in progress, in repetition, finished\
• Spaced repetition option:\
• Choose pattern (1,2,5,7,30 days)\
• Single repetition/bulk repetition\
• First repetitions should be single \
• Later it should be Like repeating whole chapter \
• Item will be marked as (to repeat) when it should be repeated, in the choosing screen.\
• Notes(?):\
• Controls questions for repetition\
• Personal comment: I'd argue this is the thing you should keep outside of the app, with your learning materials. The app should be for planning and tracking progress. I am open to possibility it will evolve into general purpose learning portal. \
1. 4. I create list of technique exercise\
• Every exercise has name, description and tempo (number value) 
• Before training I can set tempo I'm exercising. 
• After training I can mark did I achieve the tempo I was planning and set max tempo (number value) I achieved if it was higher (or lower) than I planned

This can be inspired with a chapter from a music book or a course. After (or even before) I set up activities its time to set up the routine properties. I want to train that for 3 months or until I learn whole theory (although its good to not be perfectionist and allow for eg 80% finished). Which days in a week or how many days in a week. Its more important to be consistent than one day, 12h straight. 

4. Focused mode\
Tracking, measuring time\
Doing the activities you set up.\

5. Week/day planning mode ?\
Where can I set up how my week and days look like?\
After I created some routines I want to plan when I will do them. \

Other possible use cases:\
1. Learning something, a skill or knowledge\
• Playing guitar\
• Training sport\
• School subject\
• Language\
2. Organizing Life\
• Home chores, cleaning, shopping \
• Life tracking - how much time do I spend on activities I want to track\
• Packing\
• Leftovers tracking\
3. Building habits\
• Making a bed every morning\
• Building good habits\
• Removing bad habits\

--- Free thoughts ---

Cooking - choosing a meal, tracking your food storage. \
Send to AI:\
Input: page with recipe\
Output: ingredients, steps\

User unlocks features of application one by one.

Whats the actually difference from notion?\
The tracker. The app is a time tracker in its core. You start with tracking one activity and continue to fill your calendar with meaningfully actions. Its a tool to improve your focus and help you keeps on the right track.\

Ideas list

Bucket list 
